I help morale by, uh, encouraging conversation or and or ah, Fun Day.
So we're not able to, for example, were not able to leave and go home
right away, but we can take a break. So, um, I have a time where the
sailors or the team, they have the little, um, paintball guns, and
we take maybe an hour and we set up bottles and we allow the sailors
or the team to just shoot the bottles. Who can shoot the most bottles
down? Um, it breaks up the time a little bit. It breaks up the
monotony on bare, all having fun, having a little bit of friendly competition.
Competition. That's how I see, uh, adding to the morale,
Especially when you can't go home after a long day and you have to complete
the job or the mission. Right? All right. Mhm. Yes. Yeah.